[Intro Animation]
Hi my name is Linda, and this is a snap shot into my life.
[What inspired you to purse graphic design?]
I decided to purse graphic design a little later in life.
I was always an extremely creative person but never really thought I could make a career out of it.
And to be completely honest, I hadn’t heard of graphic design before until I was in my late 20’s and was at a social event where I met another designer.
I grew up in a really small town and being a first generation Canadian my Dad really pushed that I take studies towards a safe career.
I went straight out of high school to an applied science degree in Toronto and it was fun and challenging but it was never my passion.
So after some serious self-reflection and learning the importance of having a career that would allow be to be creative and happy, I started to put some money aside and get my portfolio together.
[What is your favourite Adobe application to work with?]
My current favourite Adobe application to work with is XD.
I remember first diving into it in my interaction classes and I think everyone had a hard time with it.
But I find that I’m using it everyday at work now and have really come to  appreciate  how seamless the application can move between illustrator, Photoshop and AE.
PLUS  I find designing the prototype animations to be so rewarding. I hope I never stop feeling that joy when I’m able to bring things to life with animations.
[What influences your work as a designer?]
Coming back to being a creative person at the core, I find I draw inspiration from so many different areas.
Whether its walking down the street and looking at the store signs, cover art from my Spotify list, or looking through older books in the thrift store to see their font choices, I think I draw influence from everything.
[What other passions and hobbies do you have aside from
graphic design?]
When I’m not designing, I love getting outside.
I’m really lucky to live beside the canal so lately an evening skate has been something I’ve been able to take advantage of.
I also love a morning walk to get myself going and in the warmer months, I’m almost always on my bicycle.
Since moving full time at home, I really went hard into dungeons and dragons.
I’m very proud to say I’m on two different teams but I also really enjoy board games and have found some pretty good online versions of my favourite.
[What are some great things you’ve done to adapt to the work/
school from home life?]
One of the ways that I stay sane being at home full time, is getting outside like I mentioned but also moving where you work.
For the past few days I’ve moved my office into the kitchen for the change of scenery and that little change has really helped.
Thanks for taking the time to watch through my video, take care.
[Outro Animation]